signpost touch-action from the pointercancel event (#37388)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/pointer_events/index.md

| {{domxref('Element/pointermove_event', 'pointermove')}}                                   | Fired when a pointer changes coordinates. This event is also used if the change in pointer state cannot be reported by other events.                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
| {{domxref('Element/pointerup_event', 'pointerup')}}                                       | Fired when a pointer is no longer _active buttons state_.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |

> | {{domxref('Element/pointercancel_event', 'pointercancel')}}                               | A browser fires this event if it concludes the pointer will no longer be able to generate events (for example the related device is deactivated, or the browser decided to interpret the interaction as a pan/zoom instead. See `touch-action`, below for information on how to control this behaviour).                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| {{domxref('Element/pointercancel_event', 'pointercancel')}}                               | A browser fires this event if it concludes the pointer will no longer be able to generate events (for example, if the related device is deactivated, or the browser decided to interpret the interaction as a pan/zoom instead). For information on how to control this behavior, see [the section on the `touch-action` CSS property](#touch-action_css_property) below.                                    |
```
